# Installation

Install this bundle in TextMate:

1.  select *TextMate* > *Preferences*
1.  select the *Bundles* tab
1.  find and tick the *Python* bundle in the list

You should now see it in *Bundles* > *Python*.

After installation it will be automatically updated for you.

## Integrating a Python checker

Install your checker in the usual way; for Pylint, for example::\

    pip install pylint

In *Preferences*, select the *Variables* tab. If a ``TM_PYCHECKER`` variable is not already listed,
add it, with the appropriate value (one of ``pylint``, ``pychecker``, ``pyflakes``, ``pep8``,
``flake8``).

The default keyboard shortcut to run the syntax checker is *Control-Shift-V* - open a ``.py`` file
in TextMate, and try it.

You should see the output in a new window (this example uses Pylint):

    PyCheckMate 1.2 – Pylint 1.4.4

    No config file found, using default configuration

Then all is well, and most likely the checker will have expressed some opinions about your Python
code (or will exit with ``0`` if your code already conforms to its expectations).

If you receive a message:

    Please install PyChecker, PyFlakes, Pylint, PEP 8 or flake8
    for more extensive code checking.

That means that no checker wasn't found, which is likely an issue with command paths - TextMate
needs be looking for it on the right paths.

Check where your checker program has been installed, using ``which``, for example:

    $ which pylint
    /usr/local/bin/pylint

The output will tell you where it can be found; in this case, in ``/usr/local/bin``.

1. select *TextMate* > *Preferences*
1. select the *Variables* tab
1. find and check that a ``PATH`` variable exists, and that it contains the appropriate path (if
   the path to the checker were ``/usr/local/bin/pylint`` as above, then the variable would need to
   contain ``/usr/local/bin``). An actual example in this case might be
   ``$PATH:/opt/local/bin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/texbin``, which includes other paths.

... and try running the checker again.


# General

* [Bundle Styleguide](http://kb.textmate.org/bundle_styleguide) — _before you make changes_
* [Commit Styleguide](http://kb.textmate.org/commit_styleguide) — _before you send a pull request_
* [Writing Bug Reports](http://kb.textmate.org/writing_bug_reports) — _before you report an issue_

# License

If not otherwise specified (see below), files in this repository fall under the following license:

	Permission to copy, use, modify, sell and distribute this
	software is granted. This software is provided "as is" without
	express or implied warranty, and with no claim as to its
	suitability for any purpose.

An exception is made for files in readable text which contain their own license information, or files where an accompanying file exists (in the same directory) with a “-license” suffix added to the base-name name of the original file, and an extension of txt, html, or similar. For example “tidy” is accompanied by “tidy-license.txt”.